your whole world is about to turn upside
down you're not even prepared the vast
majority of individuals are going to
wake up one day and realize where did
the time go why didn't I get on this
sooner but I'll explain it to you today
you came here for the truth so let me
unveil that for you what I'm talking
about here number one is AI we're going
to look at Industries like Tech and
energy this is so important to
understand the trajectory of where we
are going you're seeing a lot of
buzzwords out there you're seeing a lot
of new out there but let's cut to it
we're going to talk about the economics
of the situation okay this is important
you can't avoid it don't get into all of
the nonsense you have to keep laser
focus more now than ever before I'm
telling you all right we have to stick
to our plans okay we're going to be
eviscerated you're seeing this news
probably Trump announces 500 billion
doll AI infrastructure investment in the
United States some are saying hey this
is not the case it's not 500 billion who
knows okay Call It Whatever number you
want you know that they are in fact
going to be investing a lot in many
cases if you start to include everything
that goes into it it'll be in the
trillions in fact when you look at
energy when you look at everything that
when you know the whole thing starts
moving this will be trillions of dollars
over the next many many years and so
that should tell us something if they're
going to invest trillions what happens
next I'll break this down into three
things number one AI if we're going to
go ahead with this AI needs a lot of
power I'll break that down the second
thing it needs a lot of semiconductors
you know that already number three it
needs a lot of tech tech could be
anything okay I've broken down this for
the finance Friday crew um but we can
look at that a little bit here today as
well there's those are the three things
but there are issues associated with
that and if you give me a few minutes I
will get into all of those issues and
what that means to you how you can make
money of it and of course how can you
avoid the dangers that's really uh the
important thing here and so with a lot
of power how can we power it can we
power it with the old school
Technologies or will they need to adapt
and use uranium use nuclear that's
ultimately where they're going to have
to go um the problem with that is it
takes a long time to get the nuclear up
and running and so we can expect that
this will be an Endeavor that will take
many years but there's a lot of
infrastructure with that structure
spending and so the big tech companies
are going to be and have already started
to invest billions of dollars Mark
Zuckerberg himself said that they are
making a big bet a risky bet of hundreds
of billions of dollars into this okay
you also have them beginning what I've
talked about for a long time Finance
Friday crew knows all about it that I
have said
specifically um these big you know tech
companies and things they could could be
building their you know in the middle of
nowhere they could have their own
modular nuclear reactors like this think
of like a a small nuclear reactor they
could build out in the middle of nowhere
or at least far out from like the main
cities they don't need to be downtown
San Francisco they could be way out
there they could be powering themselves
and it looks like that is actually going
through now I've been talking about it
all throughout covering it very closely
since 2020 and we're here did I have a a
crystal ball I'm Oracle H some would say
but I don't think so I am simply looking
at the information as it stands okay
next thing is semiconductors you got the
envid of the world you got all of that
but there's something that could disrupt
that something could disrupt that and
leather jacket man he might be in big
trouble well I I don't think so but uh
there could be a disruption there we're
going to talk about two of those things
uh and there needs to be a lot of tech
in general which is basically everything
that goes along with those
semiconductors think of all the memory
chips think of how these things get
cooled how do you cool these big things
companies will make money as a result of
that and there are going to be jobs
associated with all of that if you're an
HVAC person right now at the at like the
edge of that industry oh my goodness you
your phone is running off the hook right
now small scale and large scale okay we
have an issue though laws of scale
indicate that we require more power to
achieve AI the level of compute needed
to perform the tasks which are actually
disruptive that's not currently the case
though and so what that means is
basically they're telling us that AI is
going to put us to bed at night right
you've heard that before however if they
say that well we can't do that with what
we have today we got to scale up big
time they need to do that in in between
these two periods of time in between AI
tucking me into bed and where we are
right now you need a lot more energy A
lot more chips a lot more cooling a lot
more all of that except if we've been
doing it wrong ever since and this
so-called $500 billion investment is not
needed and maybe it's a little bit of I
scratch my back you scratch your back or
maybe the other way around we scratch
each other's backs listen to this two
potential issues we're going to break it
down oh one this is open AI model right
this is their Premier model right now
that's public allowing the model to
think for a few seconds before giving a
response can actually require
significantly less
compute if models stop scaling
exponentially as they're doing there
there's more power hungry every single
model they then they kind of like work
that out and it gets better but usually
that's the case like more and more and
more power hungry we would expect as
they Advance they simply need even more
power so it's not as if okay well we you
know we'll get to a point in which it
doesn't matter anymore actually no if we
want to advance we need even more power
oh you want AI to tuck you into bed at
night oh my goodness you need even more
compute how do we do that well we have
to scale scale scale that's a problem
all right um if the model stops scaling
exponentially then the demand curve
would
soften okay think leather jacket man but
also think of what that means everything
involved okay 01 is just is just one of
those models okay but understand like
some of these models are now stopping
and they're thinking and then they
provide a response that's a different
that's very different from the way that
they were working previously a lot of
the models are doing that now deep seek
which we'll cover here deep seek is a
super lowc cost model from China which
performs nearly the same as opening ey's
best public model 01 and yet didn't use
the expensive chips this is damaging to
leather jacket man now think about this
for a second here 01 that's their their
best Premiere model that they have it's
public and everything and at the bottom
there $60 versus deep seek
$2 a huge huge difference China's deep
seek may have just upended the economics
of AI imagine Apple selling their phone
for
$9.99 and another one comparable in
every way selling for 30 bucks that's
the difference here look at this deep
seek seem to have created a panic moment
with the biggest companies and it should
alarm investors so the cost is like a
fraction s a small tiny fraction to get
the model that they did which you can
download right
now you for free it's open
source and yet closed AI also known as
open AI is spending like hundreds of
billions of dollars yeah more spending
more spending more chips more leather
jackets everybody gets a leather jacket
you get a leather jacket you get a
leather jacket except we have a problem
here because these other
guys did it at a fraction of the cost
with without the latest chips in fact it
performs better the R1 deep seek R1
which you can get right now I tested it
out apparently that outperforms 01 in
some cases for like mathematics and
stuff you got a problem okay this this
is the issue I understand the
disruptions the trajectory look at where
it's going I'll cover a finance Friday
oh you're not a member of Finance Friday
I'll give you a giveaway I'm doing three
three three three in the giveaway look
at the link at the top of the the
description there's going to be a
giveaway there I'll I'll point it out at
the end of this video you can get in for
free and we'll talk all about it I'll
show you the companies that are involved
I just did that as I'm recording this
video last night we went through all the
companies that are involved in this
transition Ai and so on where you can
make some money I've been talking about
by the way I've been talking about since
2020 okay but anyway uh I will cover
that there you can get a giveaway so
I'll give away three and that will be
for this Friday so as you're watching
this video likely this Friday we will
have it at 9900 p.m. Eastern Standard
time we'll be able to get on there you
can ask me any questions you want I'll
give it away to three people that is
provided by uh one of the members uh who
is actually supporting that so look you
got a problem though if you look at
what's going on right now the world is
changing this is just an article that's
talking about for the first time on
record the majority of all trading in US
Stock is now consistently occurring
outside of the country's exchanges off
exchange activities okay also known as
dark pools on course to account for 51%
of the traded volume in January okay so
a lot is happening behind the scenes
we're not going to be able to know
they're be able to evade all you know oh
we do bank stress tests yeah yeah you do
the bank stress tests but in the end of
the day what happens what happens
ultimately is that those stress tests
don't apply to the companies who were
involved like svb and all that oops
sorry you're not going to the point is
you're not going to see a crisis when it
comes so be prepared you got to think
smart double digigit hike in homeowners
insurance rates for the second
consecutive year Hey where's inflation
inflation's gone right I was told
inflation's gone inflation's not there
but yet it's there it's there every
single day it is in every metric all you
got to do is open your eyes
okay so what we see here is a changing
world and most people are kind of just
looking at it like H that's interesting
no no no we're we're done with that
we're done with that wake up every day
and you better grind those Knuckles down
you better be grinding those Knuckles
down or else you're going to be in big
trouble do whatever it is you can I've
got go to the playlists on my YouTube
channel I got playlist after playlist
of things that you can watch hours and
hours of important information not the
news important information teaching you
trainings ecourses everything so that we
get the foundational knowledge I've also
got compass on my website completely
free no email no pay wall no nothing the
money gps.com
Compass get on there and if you want to
join the lives and you want to actually
get the best uh detail possible where we
go for 2 hours yesterday went for 2 and
1/2 hours more than that actually
we can go on and on and on and get into
the absolute depths of
things and you will have the Insight
that quite frankly the vast majority of
people don't have all of those others in
the financial industry I've clearly
shown you the patterns documented here
on this channel for those who are just
willing to pay attention for the whole
10 minutes 15 minutes or whatever most
people can't but I steamroll those
individuals I don't make many videos now
I'm doing my other businesses
this is what I have to do I've already
shown everything that's there I've made
it very clear I've been very helpful to
the public as much as possible okay if
you want more information about that the
money gps.com
slive okay the money gps.com you can
join me on the Friday sessions or the
Sunday sessions just come you you'll
you'll see on the page right here if you
want that oace I mean if you want that
Janet Yellen um right here I mean uh
Finance uh Finance Friday give way uh it
is available to three people three
people right here for this week I want
you to get on that the link will be at
the top of the description and I want to
see you there okay so make sure click
that link join good luck to you and
we'll talk soon don't forget to hit that
Thumbs Up Hit That thumbs up I'll see
you next time take care